Allow unknown ranges in a FETCH response (#1331)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

ascending or descending. Within each group, objects are sent in Object ID order;
subgroup ID is not used for ordering.

> If a Publisher receives a FETCH with a range that includes an object with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a Publisher receives a FETCH with a range that includes one or more Objects with
```

The Extensions structure is defined in {{object-extensions}}.

The Fetch Status field is only present if the Object Payload Length is
zero, and contains one of the following values:

Value | Meaning
0x00 | Unknown
0x01 | Does not Exist

Any other value is a `PROTOCOL_VIOLATION`.  When Object Fetch Status is present,
all Objects with Locations between the last serialized Object, if any, and this
one, inclusive, have the given status.  A publisher SHOULD NOT use `Does not
Exist` in a FETCH response except to split a range of Objects that will not be
serialized into those that are known not to exist and those which are Unknown.

> 

Author: It is a protocol violation to include a subgroup, priority or extensions on a Fetch Status.

{{object-properties}}), the Publisher treats it as having a Subgroup ID equal to
the Object ID.

#### End of Range

> When Serialization Flags indicates an End of Range, the Group ID and Object ID

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When Serialization Flags indicates an End of Range (e.g. values 0x8C or 0x10C), 
the Group ID and Object ID
```
